GOV add a documentation team (#26714)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/governance.rst

and produce materials. They also have the required rights to our blog
repository and other relevant accounts and platforms.

Documentation team
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Members of the documentation team engage with the documentation of the project
> among other things. They might also be involved in other aspects of the
> project, but their reviews on documentation contributions of others are
> considered authoritative, and can merge such contributions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Members of the documentation team engage with the documentation of the project
among other things. They might also be involved in other aspects of the
project, but their reviews on documentation contributions are
considered authoritative.
```

Author: I prefer to be explicit here. The governance is a contract, and we should move it towards a more explicit text rather than implicit assumptions.

> To this end, they have the required permissions to merge pull requests on the
> main repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They have permissions to merge pull requests upstream.
```

Reviewer 2: I preferred the original formulation: "main repo" or "main scikt-learn repo" more specific.

"upstream" can mean different things in different context (e.g. fixing something upstream is generally related to fixing something in a project that scikit-learn has a dependency on).

Reviewer: How about this?
```suggestion
They have permissions to merge pull requests in scikit-learn's repository. 
```
